Readme: tighten language (#16)
corshatech/cast: README.md

<!-- END doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->

## Evaluated Security Concerns

> CAST is a tool to evaluate security concerns surrounding API Communication and

Author: What about: 
```suggestion
CAST is a tool that evaluates security concerns surrounding API Communication and
```

> CAST is a tool to evaluate security concerns surrounding API Communication and

Reviewer: Looks good
